NEXT-22868 - Modal in actions should be optional (#716)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/framework/flow/add-flow-builder-action.md

![Flow Builder create tag result](../../../../../.gitbook/assets/flow-builder-tag-result.png)

#### Custom configuration for action without the modal

If you do not need a modal for the configuration, it could be added automatically in action.

> Images, your action is already in the action list after <strong>Step 1.</strong>

Reviewer: Could we have a link to step 1 here? `[#step-1-link](first step)`.

![Choose a Flow Builder Action](../../../../../.gitbook/assets/flow-builder-trigger-action.png)

We will overwrite the `openDynamicModal` method in the plugin to check if the value matches your action, then call the `onSaveActionSuccess` directly with the configuration. Do not forget to `return` after the check.

#### JavaScript

{% code title="<plugin root>/src/Resources/app/administration/src/extension/sw-flow-sequence-action/index.js" %}

```jsx
import template from './sw-flow-sequence-action.html.twig';
const { Component } = Shopware;

Component.register('sw-flow-sequence-action', {
    methods: {
        openDynamicModal(value) {
            if (!value) {
                return;
            }

            if (value === ACTION.CREATE_TAG) {
                this.selectedAction = ACTION.CREATE_TAG;
                const config = {
                    tags: 'VIP, New customer'
                };

                // Config can be a result from an API.

                this.onSaveActionSuccess({ config });
                return;
            }

            // handle for the rest of actions.
        },
    },
});
```

{% endcode %}

> After you click on the action, the new sequence will automatically add to the action list like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, after you click on the action, the new sequence will automatically be added to the action list like this:
```

![Flow Builder create tag result](../../../../../.gitbook/assets/flow-builder-tag-result.png)

### Demo

> Now you can view the whole demo for this custom Flow builder trigger and action as below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can view the whole demo for this custom Flow Builder trigger and action below:
```

![Flow Builder create tag result](../../../../../.gitbook/assets/flow-builder-tag-result.png)

#### Custom configuration for action without the modal

You don't need a modal for the configuration. It can be added automatically.

> Imagine, your action is already in the action list after [the first step](https://developer.shopware.com/docs/guides/plugins/plugins/framework/flow/add-flow-builder-action#step-1-show-action-label-in-action-list)

Reviewer: Please use a relative link here.
